hey guys what is up I hope you were
doing great today I just got something
very exciting in the mill it is my
artifact uprising photo book artifact
uprising is an awesome company they make
photo books calendars cards and all from
your personal photos you know we take a
lot of pictures and post them in
different social media sites but we
don't have a lot of like tangible ways
to keep our pictures these days and so
this is an awesome site you can go visit
make your photo books it's relatively
easy to do that your cards etc and so
today I'm going to show you the book
that I got past summer I went to Greece
and had the time of my life I took a lot
of pictures and I made a video if you
want to check that out after this video
is the funnest trip I've ever been on
and it was beautiful so I wanted a way
to really and keep these memories like
in a tangible way so i made a photo book
on artifact uprising so let's open it up
so this is a hardcover book you can also
get a soft cover this looks awesome so
the cool thing you can do these books
you can do either a full page cover or
you can do this kind of like cool Half
Jacket things I really like the vibe of
you can also get different colors for
the actual book itself you'd be like red
yellow black gray I went with light the
charcoal color which I think looks
pretty darn cool alright let's check
this book out whoa that looks awesome
that is an Athens Greece on the top of
our hotel and this looks really cool
the pictures look awesome I mean they
look incredible this is a like a smaller
book it's only 50 pages but you can go
up to however many pages you want this
this version the hardcover with 50 pages
was 69 99 and then it gets a little bit
more expensive as you add more pages I
mean I love these full pages that you
can do basically just take the picture
and put the same picture on each side
and just line it up you can have two
pages of the same picture which turns
out awesome there's a lot of different
layouts that they give you on the
website you know whether it's one
picture per page or four pictures per
page and there's a lot of different
layouts that you can choose from hey so
let me know if you like this video
artifact uprising is an awesome company
I really liked how my book turned out
hit that subscribe button I am now
putting out videos every single Tuesday
so every single week I'll be putting
something out about photo video or
travel or maybe short films in the
future so thanks for watching this video
and have a great day
you